Cms/edkranz/ssw.rules.content/rule/agentic ai/rule (#10082)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/agentic-ai/rule.md

| **Integration**    | Python, various LLMs                                   | Python/JS, OpenAI ecosystem                                  | Python/JS, LangChain ecosystem                            | No-code interface, LangChain under the hood          |
| **Production Ready** | Research-focused                                      | Yes, built for production                                    | Yes, enterprise-grade                                      | Yes, for workflow automation                          |

*Note: Microsoft is planning to merge [Semantic Kernel](https://www.ssw.com.au/rules/use-semantic-kernel/) and AutoGen into a unified framework, combining enterprise Azure workflows with advanced agent capabilities.*

- - -

## When to Choose Each Framework

When choosing a framework for building agents, you need to be aware of the tradeoff between customisability and ease of use.

For example, n8n is a no-code solution that is only really useful for automating simple workflows, while frameworks like LangGraph offer deeper control but with a steeper learning curve.

> Evidently, the closer you get to the LLM, the more customisable you can make it – however this may come at the cost of needing to reinvent the wheel sometimes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The closer you get to the raw LLM API requests, the more customisable you can make it – however, this will often come at the cost of additional development effort.
```

)

user_proxy = autogen.UserProxyAgent(
    name="User_Proxy",
    human_input_mode="NEVER"
)

# Start conversation
user_proxy.initiate_chat(
    assistant,
    message="How can I build a simple C# web app with an LLM backend?"
)
```

For a glimpse of how Semantic Kernel is already beginning to integrate with AutoGen, see this example:

```python
import asyncio
import os

from autogen import ConversableAgent
from semantic_kernel.agents.autogen.autogen_conversable_agent import AutoGenConversableAgent

async def main():
    cathy = ConversableAgent(
        "cathy",
        system_message="Your name is Cathy and you are a part of a duo of comedians.",
        llm_config={
            "config_list": [
                {
                    "model": "gpt-4o-mini", 
                    "temperature": 0.9, 
                    "api_key": os.environ.get("OPENAI_API_KEY")
                }
            ]
        },
        human_input_mode="NEVER",  # Never ask for human input.
    )

    joe = ConversableAgent(
        "joe",
        system_message="Your name is Joe and you are a part of a duo of comedians.",
        llm_config={
            "config_list": [
                {

>                     "model": "gpt-4", 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    "model": "gpt-4o", 
```
